docs/resources/logdna_view.md, before:

# logdna_view Resource

Manages [LogDNA Views](https://docs.logdna.com/docs/views) as well as [View-specific Alerts](https://docs.logdna.com/docs/alerts#how-to-attach-an-alert-to-an-existing-view). To get started, specify a `name` and one of: `apps`, `hosts`, `levels`, `query` or `tags`. We currently support configuring Alerts to be sent via email, webhook, or PagerDuty.

## Example - Basic View Setup

```hcl
provider "logdna" {
  servicekey = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  url = "https://api.logdna.com" # (Optional) specify a LogDNA Region
}

resource "logdna_view" "my_view" {
  name  = "My View via Terraform"
  query = "level:debug my query"
}
```

## Example - In-Depth View Setup

```hcl
provider "logdna" {
  servicekey = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  url = "https://api.logdna.com" # (Optional) specify a LogDNA Region
}

resource "logdna_view" "my_view" {
  apps     = ["app1", "app2"]
  categories = ["Demo1", "Demo2"]
  hosts    = ["host1"]
  levels   = ["warn", "error"]
  name     = "Terraform View-specific Alert Example"
  query    = "my query"
  tags     = ["tag1", "tag2"]

  email_channel {
    emails          = ["test@logdna.com"]
    immediate       = "false"
    operator        = "absence"
    terminal        = "true"
    timezone        = "Pacific/Samoa"
    triggerinterval = "15m"
    triggerlimit    = 15
  }
  
  pagerduty_channel {
    key             = "Your PagerDuty service key goes here"
    terminal        = "true"
    triggerinterval = "15m"
    triggerlimit    = 15
  }

  webhook_channel {
    bodytemplate = jsonencode({
      message = "Alerts from {{name}}"
    })
    headers = {
      "Authentication" = "auth_header_value"
      "HeaderTwo"      = "ValueTwo"
    }
    immediate       = "false"
    method          = "post"
    terminal        = "true"
    triggerinterval = "15m"
    triggerlimit    = 15
    url             = "https://yourwebhook/endpoint"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

_Note:_ A `name` and at least one of the following properties: `apps`, `hosts`, `levels`, `query`, `tags` must be specified to create a View. Unless otherwise noted, all field values are case in-sensitive.
- `apps`: _(Optional)_ Array of names of apps (each app is of type _string_) to filter the View by
- `categories`: _(Optional)_ Array of existing category names (each category is of type _string_) this View should be nested under. _Note: If the category does not exist, the View will by default be created in uncategorized_
- `hosts`: _(Optional)_ Array of names of hosts (each host is of type _string_) to filter the View by
- `levels`: _(Optional)_ Array of names of levels (each level is of type _string_) to filter the View by
- `name`: _(Required)_ Name this View will be given, type _string_
- `query`: _(Optional)_  Search query scope for the View, type _string_
- `tags`: _(Optional)_ Array of names of tags (each tag is of type _string_) to filter the View by

### email_channel

`email_channel` supports the following arguments:

- `emails`: _(Required)_ An array of email addresses (each email is of type _string_) to notify in the Alert
- `immediate`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger immediately after the trigger limit is reached. Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_ (**Default: "false"**)
- `operator`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger on the presence or absence of logs. Valid options are `presence` and `absence`, type _string_ (**Default: "presence"**)
- `terminal`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger after the `triggerinterval` if the Alert condition is met (e.g., send an Alert after 30s). Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_
- `timezone`: _(Optional)_ Which time zone the log timestamps will be formatted in. Timezones are represented as [database time zones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones), type _string_
- `triggerinterval`: _(Optional)_ Interval which the Alert will be looking for presence or absence of log lines. For presence Alerts, valid options are: `30`, `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. For absence Alerts, valid options are: `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. Type _string_ (**Defaults: "30" for presence; "15m" for absence**)
- `triggerlimit`: _(Required)_ Number of lines before the Alert is triggered. (eg. Setting a value of `10` for an `absence` Alert would alert you if `10` lines were not seen in the `triggerinterval`), type _integer_

### pagerduty_channel

`pagerduty_channel` supports the following arguments:

- `immediate`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger immediately after the trigger limit is reached. Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_ (**Default: "false"**)
- `key`: _(Required)_ PagerDuty service key, type _string_
- `operator`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger on the presence or absence of logs. Valid options are `presence` and `absence`, type _string_ (**Default: "presence"**)
- `terminal`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger after the `triggerinterval` if the Alert condition is met (e.g., send an Alert after 30s). Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_
- `triggerinterval`: _(Optional)_ Interval which the Alert will be looking for presence or absence of log lines. For presence Alerts, valid options are: `30`, `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. For absence Alerts, valid options are: `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. Type _string_ (**Defaults: "30" for presence; "15m" for absence**)
- `triggerlimit`: _(Required)_ Number of lines before the Alert is triggered. (eg. Setting a value of `10` for an `absence` Alert would alert you if `10` lines were not seen in the `triggerinterval`), type _integer_

### webhook_channel

`webhook_channel` supports the following arguments:

- `bodytemplate`: _(Optional)_ JSON formatted string for the body of the webhook. We recommend using [`jsonencode()`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/functions/jsonencode.html) to easily convert a Terraform map into a JSON string. Type _string_
- `headers`: _(Optional)_ Key-value pair for webhook request headers and header values, type Map of _strings_
- `immediate`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger immediately after the trigger limit is reached. Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_ (**Default: "false"**)
- `method`: _(Optional)_ Method used for the webhook request. Valid options are: `post`, `put`, `patch`, `get`, `delete`. Type _string_ (**Default: "post"**)
- `operator`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger on the presence or absence of logs. Valid options are `presence` and `absence`, type _string_ (**Default: "presence"**)
- `terminal`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger after the `triggerinterval` if the Alert condition is met (e.g., send an Alert after 30s). Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_
- `triggerinterval`: _(Optional)_ Interval which the Alert will be looking for presence or absence of log lines. For presence Alerts, valid options are: `30`, `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. For absence Alerts, valid options are: `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. Type _string_ (**Defaults: "30" for presence; "15m" for absence**)
- `triggerlimit`: _(Required)_ Number of lines before the Alert is triggered. (eg. Setting a value of `10` for an `absence` Alert would alert you if `10` lines were not seen in the `triggerinterval`), type _integer_
- `url`: _(Required)_ URL of the webhook, type _string_

Commit message:

Documents default values and adds notes to view.md
Documents that terminal's default value is true, immediate can only be set to true for presence alerts and clarifies case sensitivity for categories and filters.

Ref: LOG-7797
Semver: Patch

docs/resources/logdna_view.md, after:

# logdna_view Resource

Manages [LogDNA Views](https://docs.logdna.com/docs/views) as well as [View-specific Alerts](https://docs.logdna.com/docs/alerts#how-to-attach-an-alert-to-an-existing-view). To get started, specify a `name` and one of: `apps`, `hosts`, `levels`, `query` or `tags`. We currently support configuring Alerts to be sent via email, webhook, or PagerDuty.

## Example - Basic View Setup

```hcl
provider "logdna" {
  servicekey = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  url = "https://api.logdna.com" # (Optional) specify a LogDNA Region
}

resource "logdna_view" "my_view" {
  name  = "My View via Terraform"
  query = "level:debug my query"
}
```

## Example - In-Depth View Setup

```hcl
provider "logdna" {
  servicekey = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  url = "https://api.logdna.com" # (Optional) specify a LogDNA Region
}

resource "logdna_view" "my_view" {
  apps     = ["app1", "app2"]
  categories = ["Demo1", "Demo2"]
  hosts    = ["host1"]
  levels   = ["warn", "error"]
  name     = "Terraform View-specific Alert Example"
  query    = "my query"
  tags     = ["tag1", "tag2"]

  email_channel {
    emails          = ["test@logdna.com"]
    immediate       = "false"
    operator        = "absence"
    terminal        = "true"
    timezone        = "Pacific/Samoa"
    triggerinterval = "15m"
    triggerlimit    = 15
  }
  
  pagerduty_channel {
    key             = "Your PagerDuty service key goes here"
    terminal        = "true"
    triggerinterval = "15m"
    triggerlimit    = 15
  }

  webhook_channel {
    bodytemplate = jsonencode({
      message = "Alerts from {{name}}"
    })
    headers = {
      "Authentication" = "auth_header_value"
      "HeaderTwo"      = "ValueTwo"
    }
    immediate       = "false"
    method          = "post"
    terminal        = "true"
    triggerinterval = "15m"
    triggerlimit    = 15
    url             = "https://yourwebhook/endpoint"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

_Note:_ A `name` and at least one of the following properties: `apps`, `hosts`, `levels`, `query`, `tags` must be specified to create a View. _Note: Field values for `categories` are case in-sensitive but field values for filters are case-sensitive, i.e: `hosts`, `apps`, `levels` and `tags`_.

- `apps`: _(Optional)_ Array of names of apps (each app is of type _string_) to filter the View by
- `categories`: _(Optional)_ Array of existing category names (each category is of type _string_) this View should be nested under. _Note: If the category does not exist, the View will by default be created in uncategorized_
- `hosts`: _(Optional)_ Array of names of hosts (each host is of type _string_) to filter the View by
- `levels`: _(Optional)_ Array of names of levels (each level is of type _string_) to filter the View by
- `name`: _(Required)_ Name this View will be given, type _string_
- `query`: _(Optional)_  Search query scope for the View, type _string_
- `tags`: _(Optional)_ Array of names of tags (each tag is of type _string_) to filter the View by

### email_channel

`email_channel` supports the following arguments:

- `emails`: _(Required)_ An array of email addresses (each email is of type _string_) to notify in the Alert
- `immediate`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger immediately after the trigger limit is reached. _Note: Immediate can only be set to `true` for presence alerts_. Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_. (**Default: "false"**)
- `operator`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger on the presence or absence of logs. Valid options are `presence` and `absence`, type _string_ (**Default: "presence"**)
- `terminal`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger after the `triggerinterval` if the Alert condition is met (e.g., send an Alert after 30s). Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_ (**Default: "true"**)
- `timezone`: _(Optional)_ Which time zone the log timestamps will be formatted in. Timezones are represented as [database time zones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones), type _string_
- `triggerinterval`: _(Optional)_ Interval which the Alert will be looking for presence or absence of log lines. For presence Alerts, valid options are: `30`, `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. For absence Alerts, valid options are: `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. Type _string_ (**Defaults: "30" for presence; "15m" for absence**)
- `triggerlimit`: _(Required)_ Number of lines before the Alert is triggered. (eg. Setting a value of `10` for an `absence` Alert would alert you if `10` lines were not seen in the `triggerinterval`), type _integer_

### pagerduty_channel

`pagerduty_channel` supports the following arguments:

- `immediate`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger immediately after the trigger limit is reached. _Note: Immediate can only be set to `true` for presence alerts_. Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_ (**Default: "false"**)
- `key`: _(Required)_ PagerDuty service key, type _string_
- `operator`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger on the presence or absence of logs. Valid options are `presence` and `absence`, type _string_ (**Default: "presence"**)
- `terminal`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger after the `triggerinterval` if the Alert condition is met (e.g., send an Alert after 30s). Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_ (**Default: "true"**)
- `triggerinterval`: _(Optional)_ Interval which the Alert will be looking for presence or absence of log lines. For presence Alerts, valid options are: `30`, `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. For absence Alerts, valid options are: `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. Type _string_ (**Defaults: "30" for presence; "15m" for absence**)
- `triggerlimit`: _(Required)_ Number of lines before the Alert is triggered. (eg. Setting a value of `10` for an `absence` Alert would alert you if `10` lines were not seen in the `triggerinterval`), type _integer_

### webhook_channel

`webhook_channel` supports the following arguments:

- `bodytemplate`: _(Optional)_ JSON formatted string for the body of the webhook. We recommend using [`jsonencode()`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/functions/jsonencode.html) to easily convert a Terraform map into a JSON string. Type _string_
- `headers`: _(Optional)_ Key-value pair for webhook request headers and header values, type Map of _strings_
- `immediate`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger immediately after the trigger limit is reached. _Note: Immediate can only be set to `true` for presence alerts_. Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_. (**Default: "false"**)
- `method`: _(Optional)_ Method used for the webhook request. Valid options are: `post`, `put`, `patch`, `get`, `delete`. Type _string_ (**Default: "post"**)
- `operator`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger on the presence or absence of logs. Valid options are `presence` and `absence`, type _string_ (**Default: "presence"**)
- `terminal`: _(Optional)_ Whether the Alert will trigger after the `triggerinterval` if the Alert condition is met (e.g., send an Alert after 30s). Valid options are `true` and `false`, type _string_ (**Default: "true"**)
- `triggerinterval`: _(Optional)_ Interval which the Alert will be looking for presence or absence of log lines. For presence Alerts, valid options are: `30`, `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. For absence Alerts, valid options are: `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `6h`, `12h`, and `24h`. Type _string_ (**Defaults: "30" for presence; "15m" for absence**)
- `triggerlimit`: _(Required)_ Number of lines before the Alert is triggered. (eg. Setting a value of `10` for an `absence` Alert would alert you if `10` lines were not seen in the `triggerinterval`), type _integer_
- `url`: _(Required)_ URL of the webhook, type _string_
